Modest doc improvements (#1876)
prometheus/node_exporter: README.md

### Disabled by default

`node_exporter` also implements a number of collectors that are disabled by default.  Reasons for this vary by
collector, and may include:
* High cardinality
* Prolonged runtime that exceeds Prometheus` `scrape_interval` or `scrape_timeout`
* Significant resource demands on the host

> You can enable additional collectors as desired by adding them to your init system's service description for `node_exporter`

Reviewer: How about "service supervisor", as this covers things like Docker and other non-init supervisors like runit.

```suggestion
You can enable additional collectors as desired by adding them to your service supervisor configuration for the `node_exporter`
```

Author: Hrm, hadn't thought of that.  I pushed a hybrid wording, PTAL.

but caution is advised.  Enable at most one at a time, testing first on a non-production system, then by hand on a single
production node.  You can check for functionality, cardinality, and execution time with

```bash
/usr/bin/time curl localhost:9100/metrics

> ```

Reviewer: I'm thinking it might be better to recommend doing this more "the Prometheus way".

Maybe something like this:

```
When enabling additional collectors, you should carefully monitor the change by observing the ` scrape_duration_seconds` metric to make sure it will not time out. In addition, monitor the `scrape_samples_post_metric_relabeling` to see the changes in cardinality.
```

Author: I'd gone with `curl` to avoid any circular dependency or catch-22, but you're right from a dogfood perspective.  I pushed an updated with an amended version of your suggestions, PTAL.
